Acrolinx improvements (#5608)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-in-to-spa-embedded-widget/main/react/intro.md

 2. [Load the Sign-In Widget](#load-the-sign-in-widget): Create the Sign-In Widget wrapper for the widget to be rendered as a React component.
 3. [Create the routes](#create-the-routes): Create the route components for your app.
 4. [Connect the routes](#connect-the-routes): Connect your routes to the appropriate components.

>  5. When you’re done integrating the Sign-In Widget to your React app, [start your app](#start-your-app) to test your creation. Sign in with an existing user from your Okta org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 5. When you finish integrating the Sign-In Widget to your React app, [start your app](#start-your-app) to test your creation. Sign in with an existing user from your Okta org.
```
